Document dynamic resources (#5004)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Admin.md

- [The `<Admin>` Component](#the-admin-component)
  - [`dataProvider`](#dataprovider)

>   - [`authProvider`](#authprovider)

Reviewer: As these are the most important props, I prefer that they appear first.

>   - [`i18nProvider`](#internationalization)

Reviewer: I think you'd better remove the other link to internationalization

  - [`customReducers`](#customreducers)
  - [`customSagas`](#customsagas)
  - [`customRoutes`](#customroutes)
  - [`authProvider`](#authprovider)
  - [`loginPage`](#loginpage)
  - [`logoutButton`](#logoutbutton)
  - [`initialState`](#initialstate)
  - [`history`](#history)
  - [Internationalization](#internationalization)
  - [Declaring resources at runtime](#declaring-resources-at-runtime)

>     - [Use a Function As its Child](#use-a-function-as-its-child)

Reviewer: I don't think we should link to level 3 headers in this list

## Declaring resources at runtime

> You might want to dynamically define the resources when the app starts.

Reviewer: This sentence alone with the section title afterwards feels odd.

> ### Use a Function As its Child

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using a Function As `<Admin>` Child
```

);
```

### Unplug the <Admin> using the `<AdminContext>` and the `<AdminUI>`

> Setting Resources dynamically is still very cumbersome: even if `<Admin>` accepts [a function as child](#declaring-resources-at-runtime), this function can't execute hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting Resources dynamically using the children-as-function syntax may not be enough in all cases, because this function can't execute hooks.
```

> So it's impossible, for instance, to have a dynamic list of resources based on a call to the dataProvider (since the dataProvider is only defined after the Admin component renders).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So it's impossible, for instance, to have a dynamic list of resources based on a call to the `dataProvider` (since the `dataProvider` is only defined after the `<Admin>` component renders).
```

> To do so, you have to build your own <Admin> component using both the <AdminContext> and the <AdminUI> (as we do internally). It's straightforward.

Reviewer: add backticks around components

> To do so, you have to build your own <Admin> component using both the <AdminContext> and the <AdminUI> (as we do internally). It's straightforward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overcome this limitation, you can build your own `<Admin>` component using two lower-level components: `<AdminContext>` (responsible for putting the providers in contexts) and `<AdminUI>` (responsible for displaying the UI). Here is an example:
```

``` jsx
import * as React, { useEffect, useState } from 'react';
import { AdminContext, AdminUI, Resource, ListGuesser, useDataProvider } from 'react-admin';

function App() {
    return (
        <AdminContext dataProvider={myDataProvider}>
            <AsyncResources />
        </AdminContext>
    );
}

function AsyncResources() {
    const [resources, setResources] = useState([]);
    const dataProvider = useDataProvider();

    useEffect(() => {

>         dataProvider.introspect().then(r => setResources(r));

Reviewer: introspect isn't a legal dataProvider verb, so you'll have to be more explicit here
